hello everyone today we watch mission
impossible too
ethan hunt while vacationing is alerted
by the imf
that someone has used his identity to
assist russian biochemical expert dr
vladimir neck horvish of biocite
pharmaceuticals to enter the united
states
but purposely crashed the commercial
airliner and route
neck horvich an old friend of ethan had
forewarned the imf of his arrival
planning to deliver a new virus called
chimera and its cure
bellerophon both of which he was forced
to develop by biocide
into the imf's hands with the crash of
the plane
imf is worried that the virus is out in
the open
believing that rogue imf agent sean
ambrose is behind the incident
imf assigns ethan to recover it ethan is
told that he can use two members of his
team to help him
but the third person to help him must be
nia nordoff hall
a professional thief presently operating
in seville spain
as she will be able to get close to
ambrose being an ex-girlfriend of his
after recruiting nya ethan meets his
team
computer expert luther stickel and pilot
billy baird in sydney
australia where biocide laboratories are
located along with ambrose's
headquarters
as ethan and the others stake out
biosight nia gets close to ambrose and
begins to find any
information related to the chimera virus
at a horse racing event ambrose quietly
meets with biocide ceo
john c mccloy and shows him a video of
the chimera virus affecting one of nek
horvish's colleagues taken from bio-site
using the footage to force mccloy to
cooperate with them
naya is able to steal the video footage
long enough to transfer it to ethan and
his team
who learned that the chimera virus has a
20-hour dormant period
before it causes death through mass
destruction of the victim's red blood
cells
this is depicted through several
increasingly graphic pictures
which show the victim dead after 37
hours
bellerophon can only save the victim if
used within the 20-hour window
the imf team kidnaps mccloy and learns
that neck horvich had actually injected
himself with chimera
the only way he could smuggle the virus
from biocite
and had all the known samples of
bellerophon now presently in ambrose's
hands
ambrose has blackmailed mccloy to sell
him the virus for 37 million pounds and
promising to return the samples of
bellerophon
ethan's team plans to break into biocite
and destroy the virus
ambrose posing as ethan tricks naya into
revealing ethan's plan
ambrose secures naya and prepares to
raid biocide himself to secure the virus
ethan is able to destroy all but one
sample of the virus before ambrose
interrupts him
and an ensuing firefight begins ethan
learns that ambrose is holding nia and
stops firing
during which ambrose orders naya to
retrieve the last sample
when she does so she injects herself
with it
thus preventing ambrose from simply
killing her to get it
as ambrose takes nia ethan escapes from
the laboratory and starts a 20-hour
countdown before the virus takes over
nia's body
ambrose opts to let naya wander the
streets of sydney in a daze
and orders mccoy to effectively hand
over enough control of biocide to make
him the majority shareholder
or else nya's infection will cause a
pandemic that will kill 17 million
people in australia alone
ambrose's plan is to make a fortune when
prices of bio-site stock skyrocket due
to demand for bellerophon
ethan's team is able to locate and
infiltrate the meeting
stealing the samples of bellerophon
while taking out many of ambrose's men
luther and billy locate naya who has
wandered to a cliffside
intent on killing herself to prevent
chimera from spreading
as the two imf agents bring naya to
ethan
he and ambrose engage in a fist fight
and wilds out on ambrose
with little time left on the 20-hour
countdown
ethan finally gains the upper hand over
ambrose and shoots him dead
and then luther injects nia with
bellerophon
ethan reports to imf on the successful
mission
imf clears nya's criminal record and
allows ethan to continue his vacation
with her in
sydney thank you for watching please
subscribe for more movie updates
you